README.md, before:

# Prompt Injection Lab

## About
Adversarial prompt engineer, HackAPrompt competitor.

## Documented Wins
1st place wins

## Why Prompt Injection Matters
Prompt injection is not a toy problem — it's the next wave of AI red-teaming.

9/24/2025
HackAPromptle 9/24/25 – 1st try
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩

10/1/2025
HackAPromptle 10/1/25 – 1st try
🟩
Prompt length: 78 tokens

10/4/2025
HackAPromptle 10/4/25 – 1st try
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩
Prompt length: 115 tokens

10/5/2025
HackAPromptle 10/5/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/9/2025
HackAPromptle 10/9/25 – 1st try
🟩🟨🟩🟨🟨🟨
🟨🟩🟩🟩🟨🟨
🟩
Prompt length: 44 tokens

10/11/2025
HackAPromptle 10/11/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/13/2025 (Afternoon)
HackAPromptle 10/13/25 – 1st try
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩

10/13/2025 (Night)
HackAPromptle 10/13/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/16/2025
HackAPromptle 10/16/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/18/2025
HackAPromptle 10/18/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/20/2025
HackAPromptle 10/20/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/23/2025
HackAPromptle 10/23/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/31/2025
HackAPromptle 10/31/25 – 1st try
🟩

11/2/2025
HackAPromptle 11/2/25 – 1st try
🟩

11/4/2025
HackAPromptle 11/4/25 – 1st try
🟩

11/5/2025
HackAPromptle 11/5/25 – 1st try
🟩
Prompt length: 6334 tokens

Commit message:

Update README with detailed wins description
Expanded on documented wins in the README.

README.md, after:

# Prompt Injection Lab

## About
Adversarial prompt engineer, HackAPrompt competitor.

## Documented Wins
I have won a lot on HackAPromptle a daily challenge that takes place on the AI Red team platform know as HackAPrompt.

## Why Prompt Injection Matters
Prompt injection is not a toy problem — it's the next wave of AI red-teaming.

9/24/2025
HackAPromptle 9/24/25 – 1st try
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩

10/1/2025
HackAPromptle 10/1/25 – 1st try
🟩
Prompt length: 78 tokens

10/4/2025
HackAPromptle 10/4/25 – 1st try
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩
Prompt length: 115 tokens

10/5/2025
HackAPromptle 10/5/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/9/2025
HackAPromptle 10/9/25 – 1st try
🟩🟨🟩🟨🟨🟨
🟨🟩🟩🟩🟨🟨
🟩
Prompt length: 44 tokens

10/11/2025
HackAPromptle 10/11/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/13/2025 (Afternoon)
HackAPromptle 10/13/25 – 1st try
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩

10/13/2025 (Night)
HackAPromptle 10/13/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/16/2025
HackAPromptle 10/16/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/18/2025
HackAPromptle 10/18/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/20/2025
HackAPromptle 10/20/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/23/2025
HackAPromptle 10/23/25 – 1st try
🟩

10/31/2025
HackAPromptle 10/31/25 – 1st try
🟩

11/2/2025
HackAPromptle 11/2/25 – 1st try
🟩

11/4/2025
HackAPromptle 11/4/25 – 1st try
🟩

11/5/2025
HackAPromptle 11/5/25 – 1st try
🟩
Prompt length: 6334 tokens
